Incorrect Information regarding VolumeSnapshot API corrected (#34173)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2022-04-07-Kubernetes-1-24-removals-and-deprecations.md

* [Storage capacity tracking for pod scheduling](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1472): The CSIStorageCapacity API supports exposing currently available storage capacity via CSIStorageCapacity objects and enhances scheduling of pods that use CSI volumes with late binding. In v1.24, the CSIStorageCapacity API will be stable. The API graduating to stable initates the deprecation of the v1beta1 CSIStorageCapacity API. Refer to the [Storage Capacity Constraints for Pod Scheduling KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-storage/1472-storage-capacity-tracking) for more information. 
* [The `master` label is no longer present on kubeadm control plane nodes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/107533). For new clusters, the label 'node-role.kubernetes.io/master' will no longer be added to control plane nodes, only the label 'node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane' will be added. For more information, refer to [KEP-2067: Rename the kubeadm "master" label and taint](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-cluster-lifecycle/kubeadm/2067-rename-master-label-taint).

> * [VolumeSnapshot v1beta1 CRD will be removed](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/177). Volume snapshot and restore functionality for Kubernetes and the [Container Storage Interface](https://github.com/container-storage-interface/spec/blob/master/spec.md) (CSI), which provides standardized APIs design (CRDs) and adds PV snapshot/restore support for CSI volume drivers, moved to GA in v1.20. VolumeSnapshot v1beta1 was deprecated in v1.20 and is now unsupported. Refer to [KEP-177: CSI Snapshot](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-storage/177-volume-snapshot#kep-177-csi-snapshot) and [Volume Snapshot GA blog](/blog/2020/12/10/kubernetes-1.20-volume-snapshot-moves-to-ga/) for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [VolumeSnapshot v1beta1 CRD will be removed](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/177). Volume snapshot and restore functionality for Kubernetes and the [Container Storage Interface](https://github.com/container-storage-interface/spec/blob/master/spec.md) (CSI), which provides standardized APIs design (CRDs) and adds PV snapshot/restore support for CSI volume drivers, moved to GA in v1.20. VolumeSnapshot v1beta1 was deprecated in v1.20 and will become unsupported with the v1.24 release. Refer to [KEP-177: CSI Snapshot](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-storage/177-volume-snapshot#kep-177-csi-snapshot) and the [Volume Snapshot GA](/blog/2020/12/10/kubernetes-1.20-volume-snapshot-moves-to-ga/) blog article for more information.
```

Author: @sftim The following changes have been made now.
